1. Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and
  the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning -Rick Cook

2. Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.-Edward V. Berard

3. There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.- Bjarne 

4. The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.-Anonymous

5. It’s not a bug – it’s an undocumented feature.-Anonymous

6. If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting
   them in.-Edsger W. Dijkstra

7. I don’t care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!- Platon

8. A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.-Doug Linder

9. Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for ‘still doesn’t work.-Anonymous

10. Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning.-Anonymous

11. Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.-John
    Woods

12. There is no programming language—no matter how structured that will prevent programmers from making bad programs.-Larry
    Flon

13. Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.-Kreitzberg and Shneiderman

14. The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late.-Seymour Cray

15. Real programmers don’t comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.-Anonymous

16. The only way to go fast, is to go well.-Robert C. Martin (Uncle Bob)

17. In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.-Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut

18. Programming is like writing a book… except if you miss out a single comma on page 126 the whole thing makes 
    no sense.-Anonymous
19. Good code is its own best documentation.-Steve McConnell

20. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.-Martin Fowler
