1.Coding like poetry should be short and concise. ― Santosh Kalwar

2.Make it work, make it right, make it fast. – Kent Beck

3.Of course, bad code can be cleaned up. But it’s very expensive. — Robert C. Martin

4.Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans

5.Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth

6.No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray

7.Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is the winning ― Rick Cook

8.Programming is the art of algorithm design and the craft of debugging errant code. – Ellen Ullman

9.Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ― Martin Fowler

10.Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde

11.Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine

12.The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it. - Dennis Ritchie

13.In some ways, programming is like painting. You start with a blank canvas and certain basic raw materials. You use a combination of science, art, and craft to determine what to do with them. - Andrew Hunt

14.The best error message is the one that never shows up. - Thomas Fuchs

15.The most damaging phrase in the language is.. it's always been done this way - Grace HopperSometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code. – Dan Salomon

16.Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment.- Kent Beck

17.Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away. – Antoine de Saint-Exupery

18.The code you write makes you a programmer.The code you delete makes you a good one . The code you do not have to write makes you a great one.-Mario Fusco

19.Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House

20.The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be. – Ada Lovelace