#programming quotes

1. Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for
   the rest of your life. by Michael Sinz

2. Design and programming are human activities; forget that and all is lost.
   by Bjarne Stroustrup

3. Premature optimization is the root of all evil in programming.
   by C. A. R. Hoare

4. Programming languages should be designed not by piling feature on top of 
   feature, but by removing the weaknesses and restrictions that make 
   additional features appear necessary. by Anonymous

5. First do it, then do it right, then do it fast. by Addy Osmani

6. At any particular point in time, the features provided by our programming 
   languages reflect our understanding of software and programming.
   by R. E. Fairley

7. Good programming is good writing. by John Shore

8. Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the 
   treament. by Kent Beck

9. For the time being, programming is a consumer job, assembly line coding 
   is the norm, and what little exciting stuff is being performed is not 
   going to make it compared to the mass-marketed cräp sold by those who 
   think they can surf on the previous half-century's worth of inventions 
   forever. by Eric Naggum
10. Documentation is the castor oil of programming. by Gerald M. Weinberg

11. There is nothing in the programming field more despicable than an 
undocumented program. by Ed Yourdon

12. The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take.
    by Roy Carlson

13. Programming is similar to a game of golf. The point is not getting the 
    ball in the hole but how many strokes it takes. by Harlan D. Mills

14. The amateur software engineer is always in search of magic. by Grady Booch

15. Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could 
    only have originated in California. by Edsger Dijkstra
16. In programming, the hard part isn't solving problems, but deciding what
    problems to solve. by Paul Graham

17. Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. 
    by Brian Wilson Kernighan

18. If debugging is the process of removing bugs. Then programming must be 
    the process of putting them in. by Edsger Dijkstra

19. First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. by John Johnson

20. Good programming is 99% sweat and 1% coffee. by Anonymous