1. A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. ― Alan J. Perlis

2. The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user. ― C.A.R.Hoare

3. Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. ― Christopher Thompson

4. There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience. ― Archibald McLeish

5. Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. ― Bill Gates

6. One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code. ― Ken Thompson

7. A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. ― Doug Linder

8. A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. ― Alan Perlis

9. Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later. ― Fred Brooks

10. To replace programmers with robots, clients will have to accurately describe what they want.We're safe. — TheProgrammerMe

11. Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out. – Chris Pine

12. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House

13. The best programs are the ones written when the programmer is supposed to be working on something else. ― Melinda Varian

14. For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong. ― H.L Mencken

15. There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses. ― Bjarne Stroustrup

16. It is far, far easier to make a correct program fast than it is to make a fast program correct. ― Herb Sutter

17. Code never lies, comments sometimes do. ― Ron Jeffries

18. The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build. ― Bjarne Stroustrup

19. Make it work, make it right, make it fast. – Kent Beck

20. Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away. – Antoine de Saint-Exupery