1."If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way." —Martin Luther King, Jr.

2."Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." —William James, American philosopher and psychologist

3."Be the change that you wish to see in the world." —Mahatma Ghandi

4."Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them." —Madam C.J. Walker, American entrepreneur and activist

5."Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." —Thomas Edison

6."The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity." —Amelia Earhart

7."The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." —Michael Altshuler, American author and motivational speaker

8."I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." —Jimmy Dean

9."You get what you give." —Jennifer Lopez

10."It is often the small steps, not the giant leaps, that bring about the most lasting change." —Queen Elizabeth II

11."If what you have done yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today." —Mikhail Gorbachev

12."In the long run, you make your own luck — good, bad, or indifferent." —Loretta Lynn

13.“You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity.” – John Romero

14.“Code is read much more often than it is written.” – Guido Van Rossum

15.“Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out.” – Chris Pine

16.“This was one of the best parts of being a coder, and an artist: the thrill of being in the middle of creating something delightful. It’s like the anticipation of eating freshly baked bread after its aroma fills the room.” – Dr. Joy Buolamwini

17.“Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it.” – Patrick McKenzie

18. “The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don’t have to write makes you a great one.” – Mario Fusco“The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don’t have to write makes you a great one.” – Mario Fusco

19.“Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.” – Cory House

20.“The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be.” – Ada Lovelace