1. "In God we trust. All others must bring data."- W. Edwards Demming

2. "In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they’re not."- Yoggi Berra

3. "You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families."- Jim McCarthy

4. "The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability."- Randall E. Stross

5. "People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones."- Donald Knuth

6. "Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris."- Larry Wall

7. "Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program."- Linus Torvalds

8. "Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live."- Martin Golding

9. "Nine people can’t make a baby in a month." (regarding the addition of more programmers to get a project completed faster)– Fred Brooks

10. "Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand."– Martin Fowler

11. "Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life."– Michael Sinz

12. "If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization."– Gerald Weinberg

13. "Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it."— Brian W. Kernighan

14. "Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems."— Jamie Zawinski

15. "You can use an eraser on the drafting table or a sledgehammer on the construction site"- Frank Lloyd Wright

16. "The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time."— Tom Cargill
  
17. "There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses."— Bjarne Stroustrup

18. "It's all talk until the code runs."— Ward Cunningham

19. "Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow."- Linus Torvalds (open source)

20. "A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it."— Albert Einstein
  