1. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can 	 understand. ― Martin Fowler

2. Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde

3. Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth

4. Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans

5. No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray

6. Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Harold Abelson

7. when you don't create things, you become defined by your tastes rather than ability. your tastes only narrow & exclude people. so create. - Lucky Stiff

8. Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - John Woods

9. Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. - Rick Cook

10. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Flower

11. I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits. - Kent Beck

12. Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow. - Linus Torvalds (open source)

13. A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. — Albert Einstein
  
14. Being a good software engineer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the internet. - Unknown (motivation)

15. Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke

16. Configuration is coding in a poorly designed programming language without tests, version control, or documentation.”
Gregor Hohpe

17. It’s the developers misunderstanding, not the expert knowledge, that gets released in production
    @ziobrando

18. The key to performance is elegance, not battalions of special cases.”
    Jon Bentley and Doug McIlroy

19. It is not usually until you’ve built and used a version of the program that you understand the issues well  	 enough to get the design right.
Kernighan and Pike

20. Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. - Alan Perlis

