// 20 PROGRAMING QUOTES.//

1-     Programing isn't about what you know; it is about what you can figure out. 
                CHRIS PINE.(LEARN TO PROGRAM)

2-    Code is read much more often than it is written.
                Guido van Rossum.(CREATOR OF PYTHON)     

3-      You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity.
                John Romero.(VIDEO GAME DEVELOPER)

4-     This was one of the best parts of being a     coder , and an artist: the thrill of being in the middle of creating something delightful. it's like the anticipation of eating freshly baked bread after its aroma fills the room.
                Dr Joy Buolamwini.( UNMASKING AI)

5-     Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it.
                Patrick McKenzie.(SOFTWARE ENGINEER)

6-     The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don't have to write makes you  a great one.
                Mario Fusco.(PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER AT RED HAT)

7-     Code is like hummor.When you have to explain it, it’s bad.
                Cory House.(REACT AND JAVASCRIPT SPECIALIST)

8 -    The more I study , the more  insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be 
                Ada Lovelace(The world's first computer programmer)         

9-     Learning to write programs stretches your mind , and helps you think better, creates a way of thinking about things that I think is helpful in all domains.
                Bill Gates (MICROSOFT CO-FOUNDER) 

10-    The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.
                Grady Brooch(CHIEF SCIENTIST FOR SOFTWARE AT IBM RESEARCH) 

11 -   Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.” 
               Martin Fowler(Refactoring)          

12 -   Give someone a program; you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, and you frustrate them for a lifetime 
               David Leinweber.

13-    Don’t comment bad code – rewrite it 
                Brian Kernighan .

14 -   No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It’s unlikely that you’ll be the first .
                Andy Hunt.

15 -   A programming language is for thinking about programs, not for expressing programs you’ve already thought of. It should be a pencil, not a pen.
                Paul Graham.

16 -   Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code .
                Dan Salomon.

17 -   Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships 
                Linus Torvalds.

18 -   Debugging becomes significantly easier if you first admit that you are the problem.
                William Laeder

19-    It´s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive.
                 Steve McConnell

20 -   Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand 
                 Martin Fowler
