1. The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it. - Dennis Ritchie

2. Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine  

3. Give someone a program; you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, and you frustrate them for a lifetime. - David    Leinweber 

4. Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it.- Patrick McKenzie 

5. Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans

6. No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray

7. If we want users to like our software, we should design it to behave like a likable person. – Alan Cooper

8. Quality is a product of a conflict between programmers and testers. ― Yegor Bugayenk

9. Everybody should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think. – Steve Jobs

10. I taught myself how to program computers when I was a kid, bought my first computer when I was 10, and sold my first commercial program when I was 12. – Elon Musk

11. Web development is difficult, only then it is fun to do. You just have to set your standards. If it were to be easy, would anyone do it? ― Olawale Daniel

12. Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it. – Ellen Ullman

12. Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. – Linus Torvalds

13. I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck

14. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

15. Programming is learned by writing programs. ― Brian Kernighan

16.Software comes from heaven when you have good hardware. – Ken Olsen

17. There is always one more bug to fix. – Ellen Ullman

18. If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. – Sam Redwine

19. Talk is cheap. Show me the code. ― Linus Torvalds

20. Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code. – Dan Salomon