1.You don’t pay engineers to write code, you pay them to understand subtleties and edges of the problem. The code is incidental-dozba cruiz

2.Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding-Burt Rutan

3.The art of debugging is figuring out what you really told your program to do rather than what you thought you told it to do-Andrew Singer

4.The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple-
Grady Booch

5.Scope doesn’t creep, understanding grows-jeffpatton

6.We make, not to have, but to know-Alan Kay

7.Configuration is coding in a poorly designed programming language without tests, version control, or documentation-Gregor Hohpe

8.It’s the developers misunderstanding, not the expert knowledge, that gets released in production-ziobrando

9.Never deploy to production on friday-stella stephanie

10.The most dangerous phrase in the language is, ‘We’ve always done it this way – Grace Hopper

11.Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out – Chris Pine

12.Code is read much more often than it is written. – Guido Van Rossum

13.You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

14.The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don’t have to write makes you a great one. – Mario Fusco

15.Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.” – Cory House

16.The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be.” – Ada Lovelace

17.Learning to write programs stretches your mind, and helps you think better, creates a way of thinking about things that I think is helpful in all domains.” – Bill Gates

18.In the beginner’s mind, there are many possibilities; in the expert’s mind, there are few.” – Shunryu Suzuki

19.Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.

20.The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.” – Grady Booch

