1. The Internet? We are not interested in it. - Bill Gates
2. If you can read this, thank a Software Developer.-Joseph M. Abou Nader
3. Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building        progress by weight.-Bill Gates
4. There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience.-Archibald McLeish
5. Pasting code from the internet into production code is like chewing gum found in the street.-Mike Johnson
6. I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!-Vidiu Platon
7. Software is like sex: it's better when it's free.-Linus Thorvalds
8. Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don’t let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.-Clifford Stoll
9. Commenting your code is like cleaning your bathroom - you never want to do it, but it really does create a more pleasant experience for you and your guests.-Ryan Campbell
10. Operating systems are like underwear — nobody really wants to look at them.-Bill Joy
11. Any problem in computer science can be solved with another layer of indirection.-David Wheeler
12. How does a project get to be a year late? One day at a time.-Frederick P. Brooks
13. Testing proves a programmer’s failure. Debugging is the programmer’s vindication.-Boris Beizer
14. A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn't even know existed can render your own computer unusable.-Leslie Lamport
15. Linux is only free if your time has no value.-Jamie Zawinski
16. Always bet on JavaScript.-Brendan Eich
17. JavaScript is the only language that I’m aware of that people feel they don’t need to learn before they start using it.-Douglas Crockford
18. Any app that can be written in JavaScript, will eventually be written in JavaScript.-Jeff Atwood
19. The strength of JavaScript is that you can do anything. The weakness is that you will.-Reg Braithwaite
20. Go is the language JavaScript programmers retire to when they get old. Like the Florida of programming languages.-Jed Schmidt
