Programming quotes (category funny and witty)

1.Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code-Anonymous

2.Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen -Edward V Berard

3.It's compiling - mostly I'm slacking off ;)- anonymous

4.One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. -Ken Thompson

5.Let's document all the bugs we have so that they become features" :)-anonymous

6.If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. -Edsger Dijkstra.

7.The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late.-Seymoure Cray 

8.The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry.- Henry Petroski

9.Deleted code is debugged code. -Jeff Sickel

10.Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. -Edward V Berard

11.If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. -Edsger Dijkstra

12.Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for “still doesn’t work. -Anonymous

13.Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning. -Rick Cook

14.It’s a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, but we also don’t learn from our successes. -Keith Braithwaite

15.There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. -Bjarne Stroustrup

16.In order to understand recursion, one must first understand recursion. -Anonymous

17.The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren’t there. -Gordon Bell

18.The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. -J. Osterhout

19. i can't fiv your printer but i can code- Anonymous

20. The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. (Anonymous)
